The file Data/PortfolioReturns/KB_DoubleQuintileRets.csv and the file Data/PortfolioReturns/KB_SingleQuintileRets contain long-minus-short portfolio returns by data.  I want to compute CAPM and 5-factor Fama-French alphas and t-stats for the reversion strategy in DoubleQuintiles and for the mom strategy in SingleQuintileRets.  Get the 5 Fama-French factors from French's data library using pandas-datareader.  Repeat the exercise using (i) the time frame 1975 through 1999 and (ii) the time frame 2000 through 2024.  Write a python script that does this and saves the regression tables as latex files.  


Did you notice that the Fama-French data is expressed as percents (10%=10) and the momentum and reversion data is expressed as decimals (10%=0.1)?  If not, please re-do everything using percents.

I want to combine the main results for the full sample tables into a single table.  The table should have nested column headers.  Put CAPM on the left and Fama-French on the right.  Below each put Mom (momentum) and Rev (reversion).  So, there should be 4 columns total.  Below each coefficient, put its standard error in parentheses.  Use significance stars with *=0.1, **=0.05, and ***=0.01.   Use the pystout package to generate the combined table. 

create a simlar combined table for the pre-2000 and post-2000 periods.  Now, there will be three levels of column headings: 1975-1999 and 2000-2024 at the first level, CAPM and Fama-French underneath each of 1975-1999 and2000-2024 and then Mom and Rev. So, there will be 8 columns total. 

Create a tex file in Code/Results-Cursor that uses the scrartcl document class and inputs the tables.  Build a pdf from the tex file.

'q' is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program, or batch file.

Cursor: You're absolutely right, and I apologize for the confusion. I see what's happening now. The q^D^C you're seeing is likely the result of me accidentally sending some control characters or partial commands that are being interpreted as q followed by Ctrl+D and Ctrl+C.
Let me start fresh and run the commands properly. Let me go back to the project root and run everything step by step:

I see the issue - the pystout function has different parameter names. Let me check the pystout documentation and fix the function calls. For now, let me use the manual fallback functions that I already created:

Windsurf never got pystout right.  VS Code: There seems to be a terminal display issue 4 4 or 5 times.  Let me try a different approach at least a dozen attempts. including running python -c "exec ..." and creating a batch file and running it, it finally said

There seems to be significant terminal display issues. Let me take a different approach and use a Jupyter notebook instead, which might work better in this environment. Let me create a notebook version: 

Error downloading Fama-French data: Passing PeriodDtype data is invalid. Use `data.to_timestamp()` instead